{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 --- layout: default title: Sabina J Haque | about ---\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul about}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///research"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul research}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///publications"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul publications}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///contact"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul contact}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
I am an applied mathematician who is broadly compelled by explaining the cell with pure and applied math. Currently, I am a{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ssqbiophd.hms.harvard.edu/"}}{\fldrslt  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Systems Biology PhD}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  candidate at Harvard University advised by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vcp.med.harvard.edu/"}}{\fldrslt Dr. Jeremy Gunawardena}}.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  My doctoral research involves using graph theory and stochastic processes to understand how cellular information processing tasks, such as those in eukaryotic gene regulation, depart from thermodynamic equilibrium. I was a recipient of a scholarship funded by the NSF-Simons Center for Mathematical and Statistical Analysis of Biology at Harvard. Through a collaboration with Dr. Polly Yu, I contributed to a publication on disguised toric dynamical systems.\
As an undergraduate, I spent two summers as a research assistant with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chavezlab.com/"}}{\fldrslt Dr. Alex Chavez}} in George Church\'92s lab, where I worked on projects developing CRISPR/Cas9 transcriptional activators (which resulted in a Nature Methods publication) and neurodegenerative screens. I graduated from Middlebury College in 2018 with a B.A. in Mathematics and Biochemistry. My mathematics senior thesis in fluid dynamics focused on characterizing stability in laminar flows and the hydrodynamics of magnetotactic bacteria.}